[REGISTRAR]Added info about .us domains (#2905)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/registrar/src/content/faq.md

---

> ## .US connection requirements

Reviewer: How about "Additional requirements for .US domains"? You still mention connection/nexus in the text, which will address people searching for the exact text.
Note: You would also need to change the link on [line 13](https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-docs/pull/2905/files#diff-f469124db58e7883ccbaa23f735c318cee91e6081e147d1072fbe9aae7c4827eR13).

Author: Thanks! I was trying to come up with something better and couldn't

> Registrants of `.us` domains are required to have a genuine connection to the United States as described in the [usTLD Nexus Policy](https://www.about.us/policies). When registering a domain name, registrants must identify the category under which they qualify for the usTLD Nexus Requirement:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Registrants of `.us` domains must have a genuine connection to the United States as described in the [usTLD Nexus Policy](https://www.about.us/policies). When registering a domain name, registrants must identify the category under which they qualify for the usTLD Nexus Requirement:
```

<details>
<summary>Nexus Category 1</summary>
<div>

**C11**: A natural person who is a United States Citizen; or

**C12**: A natural person who is a permanent resident of the United States of America, or any of its possessions or territories. 

</div>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Nexus Category 2</summary>
<div>

> **C21**: A U.S.-based organization or company formed within one of the fifty (50) U.S. states, the District of Columbia, or any of the United States possessions or territories, or organized or otherwise constituted under the laws of a state of the United States of America, the District of Columbia or any of its possessions or territories or a U.S. federal, state, or local government entity or a political subdivision thereof.

Reviewer: I was about to review this line (adding a few missing Oxford commas) but I don't think we should touch the legal definition, because we could change its intended meaning.

Author: Exactly. I think this is what it's in the document stating the requirements, that's why I didn't want to change it.

</div>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Nexus Category 3</summary>
<div>

**C31**: A foreign entity or organization that has a bona fide presence in the United States of America or any of its possessions or territories who regularly engages in lawful activities, sales of goods or services or other business, commercial or non-commercial, including not-for-profit relations in the United States; or

**C32**: A foreign entity that has an office or other facility in the United States.

</div>
</details>

The nexus category information will be supplied to the .US registry. Failure to provide accurate information and/or to respond to requests for information may result in the suspension or cancellation of the domain registration.

### Application purpose

In addition to nexus information, registrants must also identify their intended use of the domain name. The possible options are:

* Personal use
* For-profit business
* Non-profit business or organization
* Government
* Education

> 
> 
> ### .US WHOIS requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### .US WHOIS requirements
```
Removing some empty lines.

> The .US registry requires that domain contact data must be displayed in the public WHOIS database. Redaction and/or use of WHOIS privacy services is prohibited. This is a registry policy that all registrars must comply with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The .US registry requires that domain contact data is displayed in the public WHOIS database. Redaction and/or use of WHOIS privacy services is prohibited. This is a registry policy that all registrars must comply with.
```

### .US domain transfers

> Transferring a `.us` domain works in a similar way to other domains, but always requires approval via the Form of Authorization (FOA) email. The approve link **must** be clicked within five days for the transfer to proceed. Failure to respond will result in the cancellation of the transfer request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transferring a `.us` domain works in a similar way to other domains, but always requires approval via the Form of Authorization (FOA) email. You must click the approve link within five days for the transfer to proceed. If you do not respond, the transfer request will be cancelled.
```
I wouldn't use **bold** in this sentence, but it's up to you.

> Refer to [Tranfer your domain to Cloudflare](/get-started/transfer-domain-to-cloudflare) for more information on this topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Transfer your domain to Cloudflare](/get-started/transfer-domain-to-cloudflare) for more information.
```
